README Installer (#4443)
redaxo/redaxo: redaxo/src/addons/install/README.md

# Installer

With the installer, add-ons can be downloaded and updated from the download area at [www.redaxo.org](https://www.redaxo.org).

Depending on the settings, a backup of the old add-on folder is made during the update, however, a database backup is not made. If the add-on stores settings directly in the add-on folder, these will be lost during an update.

> AddOn developers should no longer store settings in the `config.inc.php` or in other files within the AddOn folder. Instead, the data folder `/redaxo/include/data/addons/addonkey` should be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add-on developers should no longer store settings in the `config.inc.php` or in other files within the add-on folder. Instead, the data folder `/redaxo/include/data/addons/addonkey` should be used.
```

> Furthermore, an update script `update.inc.php` can be added to the AddOn, which makes changes to the database etc. during the update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, an update script `update.inc.php` can be added to the add-on, which makes changes to the database etc. during the update.
```

> If the user and the API key for myREDAXO are stored in the settings, you can also upload your own add-ons to the download area via the installer. The API key can be viewed in the logged-in area at [https://www.redaxo.org/de/myredaxo/mein-api-key/](https://www.redaxo.org/de/myredaxo/mein-api-key/). Since the key can be used to change your own add-ons via the Api, the key should not be shared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user and the API key for myREDAXO are stored in the settings, you can also upload your own add-ons to the download area via the installer. The API key can be viewed in the logged-in area at [https://www.redaxo.org/de/myredaxo/mein-api-key/](https://www.redaxo.org/de/myredaxo/mein-api-key/). Since the key can be used to change your own add-ons via the API, the key should not be shared.
```
